Congratulations
guys, you've got a wonderful chess set all made up there! Now, we had some learnings
not only with Blender itself but with keeping things lean, as we go. And what
are those major learnings, Ben? Well when we got to the first piece
that had this geometric issue, this fact that the quad or your piece of geometry was
not flat, right? Yes! It had a non-planer piece of geometry! Yes! When we rendered
it up it looked horrible! And it looked really weird and it created all of those triangles,
and we found out about that because we rendered. So we found out about it because we took
it to the end result, i.e. the rendered final result, and
we didn't find out about it until we did that. So this is the whole point of taking your
model all the way to the final result, because you don't know what sort of unexpected things like that
you're going to come across. Now, it just so happens, either through good course design or through
pure chance, I'll leave it to you to decide, that that first happened when we got to
a piece that had that geometry. So the important thing is, keep testing the whole
process all the way through. And yes, we've learned lots in this section that we're going to be
able to apply in the next one, as well. So take care guys, you've been
brilliant, up to this point! Remember to share in the discussions, and we'll see you
in the next section! See you soon, guys!